we haven't landed a human on the moon in
more than 40 years we're going a lot
stronger with a string I probably need
one mile an hour wind that's just doing
this okay no big deal but now it's
getting over seven kilometers that's how
many pounds of pressure
I'm Michael Lane I'm the I'm the
president of with pork group we're the
guys building an elevator to space this
was the first real one I built when I
sort document Michael about this whole
space litter thing thought it was a
little crazy but okay I read a lot of
science fiction I understood the concept
one launch
current technology and we're going to
build the simplest possible system
that'll actually work the math is good
you have a ball in the string you're
spinning it over your head or string in
the middle of stage track yeah all right
so now I'll just expand that to an
earth-sized system I grew up with one
and only dream get off this rock eighth
grade for me ninth grade for him
Marcus women junior high hyper nerds at
Marcus Whitman junior high yeah
fast-forward you know we started looking
at space you know people always ask if
you can put people in here I'm like I
don't want to do this at all if we can't
put people in here there's a good chance
that this is probably the last of this
style of robots I mean we transition to
satellites next time out probably not
gonna be able to build a satellite right
that's not that's not something we're
gonna be able to do in the garage this
is Plexiglas yeah if he touches it for
very much longer it's going to shatter
yeah it's never been done before so
every action that we take we have to
kind of write our own rulebook for every
culture has a don't climb too high
don't tempt the gods there are
repercussions stories the project that
we're working on if we're right is going
to transform human civilization and if
we're wrong it's still going to
transform human civilization